Update docs about EQL CCS (#91542)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/migration/migrate_8_0/rest-api-changes.asciidoc

include::{es-repo-dir}/search/search-your-data/ccs-version-compat-matrix.asciidoc[]

> IMPORTANT: For the {ref}/eql-search-api.html[EQL search API] specific limitations apply,
> see {ref}/eql.html#run-eql-search-across-clusters[Run an EQL search across clusters]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: For the {ref}/eql-search-api.html[EQL search API], the local and
remote clusters must use the same {es} version if they have versions prior to 7.17.7 (included) or prior to 8.5.1 (included).
```
